Don't swing like a wildman! If Stamina is used up, you won't be able to deal damage!
To make your realm a safezone, use an orb of peace. They can be bought from the Item Vendor.
Build a sense of community and create a guild by speaking to the Guild Registrar in Cyrennica.
Find a bug or see a rule-breaker? Type "/report" and tell us what is wrong.
Have a question? Ask in Global Chat! "/gl <message>" or type a message and hit tab. Global can be toggled: /toggleglobal
Got something to sell? Make a shop. Sneak left click with your character journal in hand at the ground.
Need more room in your bank? Sneak right click it to upgrade the slots.
Out growing your realm? Sneak right click with the realm star in hand to upgrade it!
Have a lot of items to sell, but not enough room? Sneak right click your shop with the journal in hand to upgrade!
Check the forums for events that might be happening on Dungeon Realms!
If you're chaotic, you can check how long you are chaotic for by opening your character journal.
Did you know? Flying is possible in realms. Buy an Orb of Flight from the Item Vendor. To activate it, you'll need an active orb of peace however.
Feeling weak? Go out and slay some bandits to get better tiered equipment! You don't want to be left in the dust.
The economy is a huge part of Dungeon Realms. Open up a shop and sell some wares to strike it rich!
Tired going solo? Join a guild! Guilds are a great way to play Dungeon Realms, if you work as a team, you can overcome huge obstacles.
Looking for food? Grab a fishing rod from the Skill Trainer and get fishing! Not only will it satisfy your hunger, it'll put some extra gems in your pocket.
Dungeon Realms is loaded with exciting areas for you to explore, and new ones are being added all the time. Get exploring!
If you kill a non-chaotic player, you might get chaotic yourself! If you die and you are chaotic, you will lose all your items.
If you are of the Lawful alignment and you die, your armor will lose 30% of its durability, and if it is below 30%, then it will disappear on death.
To activate the toggle menu, do /toggle.
Need to see a map? minemap.net/DungeonRealms/
Want to trade? Use a trade prefix in global: Trading, Buying, Selling, and many more!
Place a weapon in your first slot to have it act like armor on death.
Need to report a troublesome player? Create a thread in the Bans and Suspensions section on the forums following the correct format.
Follow us on Twitter! https://twitter.com/dungeonrealms
Start engaging with the community on our forums to get involved! http://dungeonrealms.net/forum
You can like us on our facebook, http://www.fb.com/pages/DungeonRealms/446604418717929
Both pickaxes and ores have tiers that associate with them, you can mine ores and obtain scraps which will repair your armor, and also make some money in the process!
Don't be afraid to sell your junk- like they say: One man's junk is another man's treasure! If you have some low tiered equipment, someone might be looking for it!
There are many spots around Andalucia where you can fish, you'll see a fishing spot when there are particles floating above it. 
If you're neutral alignment and you are killed by a player in a chaotic zone, you have a low percentage chance you might lose a weapon or some of your armor, so be careful!
The toggle menu allows you to toggle all adjustable features of Dungeon Realms at once. Type /toggles to see what you can toggle!
If you've traveled Andalucia enough, you have likely ran into a dungeon. Dungeons have the potential to give you some rare exclusive equipment.
Monsters that deal elemental damage will ignore 80% of your armor, so watch yourself!
The Strength attribute on equipment will add Armor, Block, and Axe bonuses!
The Dexterity attribute on equipment will add Dodge, Bow Damage, Critical hit, and Armor Penetration bonuses!
The Vitality attribute on equipment will add Health and Sword Damage bonuses!
Portal Key Shards are obtained from completing Dungeons, and they can be spent at the Dungeoneer in Cyrennica for great rewards such as an additional mule storage chest.
You can purchase a Storage Mule from the Animal Tamer, and he can store additional items!
Elite mobs will be much more powerful then your average mob, and they might have a special attack that will cause massive damage, so be careful when taking on elites!
You can use a realm storage chest to store miscellaenous items inside your realm, such as Teleportation blocks, scraps, and building blocks. Use a bank for storing important items!
If a mob performs a "Power Strike" move, the attack will be delayed, but if it lands it will deal 3x damage!
If an archer performs a Triple Shot, the archer will release three arrows but the shot will be delayed. 
A whirlwind attack can only be performed by an elite mob. It will hit players around a 3 block radius, and the mob will turn itself around.
Mobs with Pure Damage (an exclusive elemental power) ignore all armor and the attack cannot be resisted, thus making it a very powerful move. Whither Skeletons and Tripoli Soldiers can perform this attack.
Low on Gems but stacked with E-CASH? You can purchase realm building blocks for your realm with E-CASH to expand your realm!
You can't switch between shards when you're in a wilderness or chaotic zone for 5 minutes.
If your armor has a high block percent, you'll be able to reduce the amount of damage you take, making you a tank! Try using an Orb of Alteration to customize the attributes on your equipment!
Fishes can have Damage, Night-Vision, and many more attributes to them. They can sway the tide in battle if used correctly, so they are an item you should look into.
If you have the height advantage on a mob, he might teleport to you prevent you from picking him off!
There are so many outlets for you to share your Dungeon Realms media. If you're a youtuber, create a thread in the Media section on the forums with your series, people will check it out!
If you're into role-playing, there's a shard for that, just hop on US-11.
Players might activate a Global Loot or Profession item from the E-CASH store, and it will raise all of those mechanics by 20%, on all shards, for all players!
Check the forums for important announcements on Dungeon Realms. Often times we have competitions and events that we will announce on our media outlets, so its suggested you follow us!
Have a taste for some extra cash, or just want to try your luck? Either open a Casino or gamble at one yourself in realms. **Please consult the rules for Casinos and Gambling first. 
Harrisons Fields is a great place to trade, and also PvP in the outside battlegrounds. Be careful, as there will be PKers (Player Killers) waiting for the unexpected!
Upgrade your horse by purchasing the tiered upgrades and applying them in order by tier at the Animal Tamer.
Try out the Horse Racing Track and practice with your horse outside the Walls of Cyrennica. Whenever there is a race, you want to be ready.
You can purchase an Item Lore Book from the E-CASH Vendor for 99 E-CASH to apply a unique line of lore to your equipment.
Fancy a duel? The Cyrennica Arena is a great place to practice dueling with your friends.
Connect to our Teamspeak and chat with some of the players! IP: minecade.enjinvoice.com
Tune into our livestreams to gain exclusive information about future patches or updates! twitch.tv/dungeonrealms
You don't need to be a PMOD or a GM to host an event - design up an event in your realm, then maybe you can create a forum thread about it!
Use /reboot to view how long until the next scheduled server restart!
You can generate a signature that automatically updates! You can generate one now at: http://brad.friendsoverlay.com/dr/signature_generator.php
Did you know that you can view the top 100 players on the highscores? Check it out: http://brad.friendsoverlay.com/dr/highscore_viewer.php